#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via django
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via perfectextractor
django==3.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-filter
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-simple-captcha
django-bootstrap3==21.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-ckeditor
django-nested-admin==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-object-actions==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via django-simple-captcha
django-reversion==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-robots==5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-captcha==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.12
    # via perfectextractor-ui
idna==3.3
    # via requests
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
lxml==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   perfectextractor
mysqlclient==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
pandas==1.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
perfectextractor==0.4
    # via perfectextractor-ui
perfectextractor-ui==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-simple-captcha
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
python-monkey-business==1.0.0
    # via django-nested-admin
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   pandas
requests==2.27.1
    # via perfectextractor
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-nested-admin
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-monkey-business
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
xlsxwriter==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
